# Digital Scholarship Portfolio: Rigel Quindipan

Welcome to my online portfolio for IASC 2P02!

## Interactive Study Guide

Explore my interactive study guide [here](2P02INTERACTIVESTUDYGUIDE.html).

## Interactive Genealogy 

Explore my interactive genealogy [here](2P02INTERACTIVEGENEALOGY.html). 

# Speculative Fiction

A Missing Piece 

  It was just another day on a cool summer morning, I was on my way to work, and decided to walk instead of riding my bike. The birds were singing from the heat of the sun, and nonsensical chatter filled my ears. Enjoying the music of nature, I felt a sharp pain in my shoulders. Why was my backpack starting to feel heavier than it was before I left my house? I’m in my late twenties and was always told that I was very healthy for my age and my ability to move around was well above average. Did I miscalculate the distance to my work? Is my age finally catching up to me? Walking or taking a bike was the only means of transportation so if you weren’t in shape, you’d find yourself on the ground swimming in a pool of your sweat. But my dream is to travel the world, hopefully where there is a more efficient mode of transportation instead of walk lanes or moving sidewalks. Twirling my hair and lost in thought, I could see the violet garden in the distance, the one I see everyday. The garden was located beside the flower shop, to attract customers, and indicates the halfway point to work. I let out a long sigh, knowing that I can sit down at my desk soon. I was interrupted by a stern voice, “Wrong lane buddy!”, and jerked to the side as someone on their morning bicycle routine raced by me. Before I could apologize, a smaller and slender figure caught my eye, a woman with caramel colored hair with a bright and happy face. It wasn’t long until I started to remember the faces of those that I walk past, but I have never seen someone with such a sparkling aura. I found myself stopped in my tracks as I watched her walk towards me, bumping others and struggling to make room for herself. Her tiny shoulder bumps into my arm and a hint of a honey fragrance tickled my nose. Time felt as if it slowed down, was this love at first sight?
  
  Another exhausting day at the office and all I wanted was to go back home to my furry friends. The streets were crowded and swarmed with people, because it was the evening and the busiest time on the streets. You would have to be extra careful during this time not to lose your belongings as this time was the most perfect time for stealing. One of my pet peeves is slow walkers, tailgating behind them makes me want to shout at them to walk faster. I carefully maneuvered around the walking lanes, making sure I don’t bump into people. The last of sunlight slightly covered the sides of buildings and creating a shadow behind me. I had the sudden urge to look behind me, and realized I forgot my backpack at the office. I could also see the violet garden in the distance and decided to take a break deciding what to do. My feet were becoming heavy pondering over a decision. At that moment I heard a soft voice beside me, “Excuse me?” Startled, I turned to the side where the voice was coming from and looked up, and the remains of the sun outlined her face. It was the same girl from this morning, the same honey fragrance filled my nose. “Do you know the way downtown from here?”, she asked with a smile. I hesitated then answered, “Yeah, you have to go back that way and follow the crowd flowing left.” A bolt of energy and a sudden warmth covered my legs and my toes, and the pain disappeared entirely. “Thanks, I’m not from around here, still getting used to the area.” The rest of our conversation was a blur and I didn’t even get her name. She will forever remain a mystery girl.
  
  It was almost Christmas time, and one of the coldest months of the year. Snow piles and ice filled the sidewalks and the moving sidewalks are turned off for the winter. I don’t mind walking in the winter, as there are hot spots for those to take a break along the way, but it still feels like something is missing. The flower shop is closed for the winter, and I still use it as a marker for the halfway point. I stop and look at the flower shop for a moment thinking about the girl I met in the summer. Nostalgically, I take a sniff and I could still smell a hint of a honey fragrance. I look around in excitement but was unsure what I was looking for. Embarrassed, I can’t help but laugh as I kept on walking. A faint feeling randomly appeared at the sole of my foot once again. 


## Micro Essay

  The story revolves around a world where no automobiles exist in the future, where the only modes of transportation is walking, riding on the moving sidewalks, or riding bicycles and other manual movement tools. Our narrator is interested in traveling the world despite these limitations, and despite experiencing pain on their feet. The narrator does not seem to be looking for a romantic relationship, but simply rejects the idea as he does not understand what is missing from their life. We can also assume that the narrator is often easily distracted unaware of their surroundings at random points of the story. 
  
  Instead of driving automobiles, this parallel universe demonstrates how people ended up meeting and socializing and challenges how the world adapts to a missing piece of technology. For example, the narrator refers to the idea of citizens moving sidewalks, similarly to the ones found in airports, which is a norm in the story for the public to use. Instead of roads where cars would pass through, new lanes of these types were constructed. The narrator seems to avoid using this technology and instead chooses to rely on his own strength. This retracts to the Parikka’s idea of “dead media”. Parikka suggests that “it was clear that a lot of dead media were actually zombie-media: living deads, that found an afterlife in new contexts, new hands, new screens and machines” (Parikka, 2012). In this case, the dead media in the story was the invention of automobiles and to succeed this, moving sidewalks subdued existing transportation. The story simply invites its readers to experience a new world without cars, although there are numerous exploits and concerns from the beginning. To be specific, individuals are healthier from using their legs more to travel, however, this new technology is vulnerable in certain weather condition and is unable to be used.


## Interactive Timeline
